h1. Jackhammer

h2. About

Jackhammer is a generic load testing framework, written in "Scala":http://scala-lang.org/. Without assuming what sort of system you're trying to load test, Jackhammer provides flexible higher-order functions to measurably, repeatedly, and concurrently execute operations. Scripts are provided to tally statistics gathered in test runs and produce basic reports.

You might use Jackhammer to load test a new system you're building (ex: a domain-specific custom datastore), or you might use it to load test a commercial or open source system (ex: a web server, a database, a distributed caching layer) to ensure it meets your operational requirements.

You can easily use Jackhammer to drive load tests of Java code, by virtue of Scala's ability to transparently call into Java. With a little more work, you could probably use it to load test code written in other JVM languages, such as Clojure or JRuby.

Jackhammer was developed by members of the Infrastructure team at "Twitter, Inc.":http://twitter.com/jobs after writing a number of one-off load tests and observing what patterns worked well for us. The project is named in honor of Twitter's primary creator and Chairman of the Board, "Jack Dorsey":http://twitter.com/jack.

h2. Requirements

TODO

h2. Usage

TODO

h2. Authors

"Alex Payne":http://github.com/al3x is the primary committer. Jackhammer borrows heavily from load testing techniques used by his colleague at Twitter, "Steve Jenson":http://github.com/stevej. "Matt Knox":http://github.com/mattknox helped out, and pushed for a higher-order approach.

h2. License

Apache License, Version 2.0. See the LICENSE file for more information.
